---
layout: post
title:  Wuse app
permalink: /wuse/
alt: Mobile phone on lilac background. The phone shows the navigation through the main app screens.
sumup: Mobile Fashion App
tagline: Enjoy fashion sustainably
role: Research, Ux design, UI Design, UX Writing
img-card: wuse.webm
img-thumb: cat1.jpeg
img-proc: cat1.jpeg
img-res: cat1.jpeg
mj1: Too many clothes
mj2: Distrust in change
mj3: Influence of others
link-ext: https://www.behance.net/gallery/149189607/Wuse-Mobile-Fashion-App
---


{% capture challenge %}
    Fashion is the world of self expression, a means to show others who we are...but we all know the terrible consequences of the fast fashion industry. As designers, we wanted to create something that would have an impact in how people think and interact with clothing. Buying less is not an easy task and and the "guilt approach" isn't very effective in leading consumers to change.
{% endcapture %}                

{% capture ins %}
    Through surveys, interviews and competitive analysis, we found our users used clothing as a way to change it up and express themselves, leading them to overbuying or selling pieces just to replace with new ones. 
    
    In fact, most people don't wear a large chunk of their wardrobe and recognize they have more clothing then they need. But when it comes to changing their consumption habits, they don't really believe they can make a change...however, we found the influence of loved ones or celebrities to be key in shifting habits and lifestyle choices.
{% endcapture %}


{% capture result %}
    Suspendisse fringilla dapibus sapien, non auctor ante efficitur fringilla. Aenean non leo interdum, feugiat ligula sit amet, posuere est. Nam nulla sem, posuere quis ex id, venenatis lacinia leo. Ut ac urna vulputate, porttitor est a, facilisis nunc. Fusce tristique elit at dui dictum ultrices. Nullam facilisis, enim eget congue aliquet, felis purus consectetur neque, auctor faucibus diam libero et magna. 
{% endcapture %}

{% include template.html %}