---
layout: post
title:  Gmail Closed Inbox
permalink: /closed-inbox-gmail-feature/
alt: Half of a laptop screen on red background. The laptop is on the bottom of the gif and, above, is an animated switch that turns on and off
sumup: Website Feature
tagline: A Gmail feature for email anxiety
role: Research, Ux design, Ui design
img-card: gmail.webm
img-thumb: cat1.jpeg
img-proc: cat1.jpeg
img-res: cat1.jpeg
mj1: Peer pressure
mj2: Defesive strategies
mj3: In-work anxiety
link-ext: https://www.behance.net/gallery/140075211/Closed-Inbox-Gmail-feature
---


{% capture challenge %}
    Out-of-hour emails are not a recent problem, but with more people working from home, the line between personal and professional life is becoming even more blurred. At a time where mental health is incresingly relevant, we wanted to help remote workers relieve their anxiety around out-of-hours work communications.
{% endcapture %}                

{% capture ins %}
    From 42 survey answers, about 50% of people reported anxiety around out-of-hour emails. This was mostly due to fear of bad repercussions from superiors (fear looking unprofessional, jepardizing their job, etc.) or fear of missing out on decisions. In the other 50%, many people didn't report anxiety not because said contacts didn't affect them, but because they found their own strategies to block or ignore the attempts. Furthermore, we found excessive messages to be disruptive even within working times, because they disturbed workers' focus and productivity.
{% endcapture %}


{% capture result %}
    Suspendisse fringilla dapibus sapien, non auctor ante efficitur fringilla. Aenean non leo interdum, feugiat ligula sit amet, posuere est. Nam nulla sem, posuere quis ex id, venenatis lacinia leo. Ut ac urna vulputate, porttitor est a, facilisis nunc. Fusce tristique elit at dui dictum ultrices. Nullam facilisis, enim eget congue aliquet, felis purus consectetur neque, auctor faucibus diam libero et magna. 
{% endcapture %}

{% include template.html %}