---
layout: post
title:  Amazon Visual Compare
permalink: /amazon-compare/
alt: No decription yet
sumup: Website Feature
tagline: Bringing trust to online shopping for pet supplies
role: Research, Ux design
img-card: Beau5.webm
img-thumb: cat1.jpeg
img-proc: cat1.jpeg
img-res: cat1.jpeg
mj1: Pets are family
mj2: A sensory process
mj3: In experts we trust
link-ext: https://www.behance.net/gallery/140516215/Visual-Comparison-Feature-Amazon-Pet
---


{% capture challenge %}
    Amazon wanted to expand their costumer base in the portuguese market and, for that, they needed to refine user experience of their website. But costumers can be weary of online shopping, especially when buying products for their pets. We set out to design an UX/UI innovation that would help pet owners have more trust in online shopping, so they know they are getting their money's worth.
{% endcapture %}                

{% capture ins %}
   The portuguese “pet parent” is very concerned about their pet’s well being and treats them like actual children, with tastes and needs they keep in mind. Also careful with their money, they show a preference for in-store shopping rather than online. It was through interviews that we found out why this happened: they valued the ability to see and feel the products they searching for, comparing mentally to what the pet already owned. The help of experts was also key for them as they often didn’t know what to buy and the store clerk helped with decision-making.
{% endcapture %}


{% capture result %}
    Suspendisse fringilla dapibus sapien, non auctor ante efficitur fringilla. Aenean non leo interdum, feugiat ligula sit amet, posuere est. Nam nulla sem, posuere quis ex id, venenatis lacinia leo. Ut ac urna vulputate, porttitor est a, facilisis nunc. Fusce tristique elit at dui dictum ultrices. Nullam facilisis, enim eget congue aliquet, felis purus consectetur neque, auctor faucibus diam libero et magna. 
{% endcapture %}

{% include template.html %}